Strong Group Lin always bid 5 million
First time 6 million
Who the hell are you?
What are you doing? I didn't listen to your father's bargaining.
I'll leave you here.
I'm going to order this vase, if anyone dares to increase the price
It's just that I can't get along with Lin Shengqiang
8 million
I see who dares to increase the price by another 10 million
How come?
Gu Ling'er, you are deliberately making trouble with me, right?
Don't think I dare not do anything to you
It's not up to you how I want to spend my own money
Ten million a second time
Hey, hey, I'm out
$10,000,001
Don't care how much this girl pays in the future.
I have one more than him
Play, right?
I will accompany you to the end
Brother, hurry up and make a move.
What are you doing?
10 million and one yuan, hurry up and deal
Hmm ok no problem
I'm very sorry, distinguished guests.
This lot has been bought by an off-market buyer.
What!